# Ian Hawke's Revenge

## Story (Epic Tale):
After Ian Hawke's first attack on this world he was deafeated by a cool gamer. Now he's taking all the souls of the dead chipmuncks in Chip Invaders and putting them into robots. Be wary Ian's robotzz have horrible cannons and laser bombs. He even had turrets that can heat seek your turret. Ian Hawke himself has his robotic chicken suit, so gain as many power ups has you can. Only a cool gamer like you can defeat him! Go and save the universe!

## How to play:
The main objective of the game is to defeat all enemies on the screen. There are five stages in the game with the last one being the Ian Hawke boss fight. There are also many power-ups and enemies to be collected and defeated. See Power-ups and Enemies for more info.

### Controls:
- The arrow keys move you left and right
- The space bar will make your shot once. Spam it to shoot faster
- The shift buttons will let you use your alternate weapon. If you don't have any you can't use it.

### Power-ups
- Wrench - Your supersonic cybernetic blaster spaceship made by Buss Lityear can be be repaired by wrenches. Wrenches are very common to find space. The wrench is a tool that can instantly heal 60 health. 
- Heart - God made something more beautiful than life. An essance known only has the heart. This item ups you base hp by 20 and gives 20 hp.
- Gun Up - This item is, well... able to deplete a planet in only a few seconds. It was generated by a black hole that imploded, and this is what remains. Gun Up increases your speed and standard gun fire.
- Gattling Gun - Made by Mr. Buss Lityear himself, this gun can shoot 60 lasers in a second, but your ship is a little damaged so you can only us it if you recieve the alternate item.
- Alvin Bomb - Not all chipmuncks are bad. Take Alvin for example, he's a alternate item that launches himself at the foe. He then kamikazes himself and explodes anything in his radius one shotting anyone except for Ian, of course.





